python bin/superpoint.py office/seq-06 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py office/seq-07 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py office/seq-08 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py office/seq-09 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py office/seq-10 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py office_few --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-01 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-02 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-03 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-04 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-05 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin/seq-06 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py pumpkin_few --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-01 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-02 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-03 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-04 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-05 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-06 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-07 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-08 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-09 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-10 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-11 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen/seq-12 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py redkitchen_few --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-01 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-02 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-03 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-04 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-05 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs/seq-06 --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
python bin/superpoint.py stairs_few --model_path=bin/superpoint_v1.pth
